Document Operating System support (#1099)
freedomofpress/dangerzone: INSTALL.md

> ## Operating system support
> 
> Dangerzone can run on a varieties of Operating systems, and have automated tests for a subset of them.
> This section explains what is the support you should expect from us.
> 
> You can find general support information in this table, and more details in the following sections.
> 
> (Unless specified, the architecture is AMD64)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Operating System support

Dangerzone can run on various Operating Systems, and has automated tests for most of them.
This section explains which Operating Systems we support, how long we support each version, and how do we test new releases against these systems. 

You can find general support information in this table, and more details in the following sections.

(Unless specified, the architecture of the Operating Systems we support is AMD64)
```

Author: Thanks, I've updated this in c0a4f388b36669d0fdbe3726b2f2cc47e7cdca28

| Distribution | Supported versions        | Automated tests        | Manual QA         |
| ------------ | ------------------------- | ---------------------- | ----------------- |

> | Windows      | 3 last releases           | Last release only      | Last version only |

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the 3 last releases part, given that we currently support Windows 10 and Windows 11. Which is the third one

(also, minor, we refer to "releases", and then the last column refers to a "version")

Author: I've updated to "2 last versions" then.

About the version VS releases. I decided to stick to "version" everywhere, as I believe it's clearer this way. See in c0a4f388b36669d0fdbe3726b2f2cc47e7cdca28

Author: Hmm, and in the end I went to opposite direction as what we're supporting is more releases than versions, if I read this correctly. See b04135897b7cc1999339254970894f2fb3cae6b

| macOS intel  | 3 last releases           | Last release only      | Last release only |

> | macOS ARM    | 3 last releases           | Last release only      | Last release only |

Reviewer: For macOS with Intel CPU, our automated tests take place on macOS 13. The same applies to our manual tests. For macOS ARM (I'd refer to it as "Apple Silicon" though), the manual tests take place on macOS 13 as well.

Since the available devices can change from time to time though, I'd prefer a checkmark here than a specific version.

Author: I've added some more information about how we run our tests, and a link to the github runners, see c0a4f388b36669d0fdbe3726b2f2cc47e7cdca28

Reviewer: The thing is that our test devices are on an earlier version, so it's not accurate :-/. So, either we should be more accurate (and keep this section in mind when updating our devices), or just add a tick there, to show that we manually test Dangerzone on macOS.

Author: Ah, gotcha!

For macOS, I'm always testing on the latest macOS release (on my `m1` machine), but this is not true for intel mac and for windows.

I've updated everything with a checkbox, and squashed the commits.

Reviewer: Makes sense, thanks!

| Ubuntu       | Follow upstream support ✰ | 🗹                      | 🗹                |
| Debian       | Current stable, Oldstable and LTS releases | 🗹     | 🗹                |
| Fedora       | Follow upstream support   | 🗹                      | 🗹                |
| Qubes OS     | [Beta support](https://github.com/freedomofpress/dangerzone/issues/413) ✢ | 🗷 | Latest Fedora template |
| Tails        | Only the latest version   | 🗷 | Last release only |

Notes:

✰ Support for Ubuntu Focal [was dropped](https://github.com/freedomofpress/dangerzone/issues/1018)

> ✢ Qubes OS support is done via the use of other OSes (e.g. Fedora or Debian) for the VMs, so the versions we support are tied to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
✢ Qubes OS support assumes the use of a Fedora template. The supported versions follow our general support for Fedora.
```

Author: Thanks! Updated in c0a4f388b36669d0fdbe3726b2f2cc47e7cdca28

## MacOS

We support the versions of macOS that are still within Apple's servicing timeline. Apple usually provides security updates for the latest 3 releases, but this isn’t consistently applied and security fixes aren’t guaranteed for the non-latest releases.

We have automated tests for the latest version of macOS only.

- Download [Dangerzone 0.8.1 for Mac (Apple Silicon CPU)](https://github.com/freedomofpress/dangerzone/releases/download/v0.8.1/Dangerzone-0.8.1-arm64.dmg)

> - Download [Dangerzone 0.8.1 for Mac (Intel CPU)](https://github.com/freedomofpress/dangerzone/releases/download/v0.8.1/Dangerzone-0.8.1-i686.dmg)

Reviewer: What bothers me slightly is that the installation instructions and the support instructions are meshed together. What if we moved the support instructions under a tooltip?

```suggestion
- Download [Dangerzone 0.8.1 for Mac (Apple Silicon CPU)](https://github.com/freedomofpress/dangerzone/releases/download/v0.8.1/Dangerzone-0.8.1-arm64.dmg)
- Download [Dangerzone 0.8.1 for Mac (Intel CPU)](https://github.com/freedomofpress/dangerzone/releases/download/v0.8.1/Dangerzone-0.8.1-i686.dmg)

> [!TIP]
>
> We support the versions of macOS that are still within Apple's servicing timeline. Apple usually provides security updates for the latest 3 releases, but this isn’t consistently applied and security fixes aren’t guaranteed for the non-latest releases.
>
> We have automated tests for the latest version of macOS only.

Reviewer: Also, I think we should point to the relevant Docker Desktop section as well: https://docs.docker.com/desktop/setup/install/mac-install/

Author: Thanks, updated in 87ec9b73c1f198e278276b60edff11712ecf9d91
